Available online at www.sciencedirect.comScienceDirectProcedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–000www.elsevier.com/locate/procedia1877-0509© 2016The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Peer-review under responsibility ofthe Organizing Committee of CRIS2016.13th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems, CRIS2016, 9-11 June 2016, Scotland, UKSocioRePEc CRIS with an interactive mode of the research outputs usageSergey Parinov*Central Economics and Mathematics Institute of RAS, Nakhimovsky 47, Moscow 117418, RussiaAbstractThis  paper  discusses  an  approach  allowing  researchers –users  of  some  CRIS –to initiate  and  maintain scholarly pre-publication communication.  The  pre-publication communication takes place between authors of some research outputs  and  researchers  who  usethese   outputs   on   a   stage   of   preparing   their   own   research   papers.   Such communication  is  initiated  when  a  researcherwho  uses CRIS  tools  is  manipulating  with  a  research  output  text and/or with the text fragments to create his/her own research outputs. In this paper a SocioRePEc CRIS is presented, which  is  being  designed specifically  to  allow researchers  in  economics(who  belong  to  a  bigger international community  of  RePEc  users) to  make  experiments  with  pre-publication  communication.By  this,  researchers getcapacity  to  use research  outputs available  at  RePEc (metadata  and/or  full  texts  in  PDF)  in  so-called  “interactive” mode. The discussion explains that this interactiveusage mode leads to better adjustment of the researchers’ supply and demand,and opens an opportunity for the furtherwider/deeper research cooperation.©2016The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.Peer-review underresponsibility ofthe Organizing Committee of CRIS2016.Keywords:SocioRePEc CRIS, pre-publication scholarly communication, research outputs usage, RePEc dataset and users* Corresponding author. Tel.: +7-916-914-9051.E-mail address:sparinov@cemi.rssi.ru2Author name / Procedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–0001.IntroductionIn the CRIS-2010  conference  paper  [1] some  challenges  for  a CRIS-CERIF  development werediscussed  in relationwiththe SocioNet project: •How should we construct in form and function a system for shaping and sharing research outputs/results of individual  researchers  stored  at  institutional  repositories  (IR)  or/and  CRISs  so  as  to  provide  efficient scientific circulation and necessary conditions for its maximal usage? [1]•How should we organize a process of research outputs/results usage, and design necessary metrics and tools to  provide  maximally  comprehensive  and  accurate  statistics  on  the  uptake,  usage  and  impact  of  research results? [1]Now,  six  years  later, it  has  become  clear  that there  are many  successful  approaches,  concepts  and  available research  information  systems  which  demonstrate  a  real  progress  in  meeting  those  challenges.  Many  researchers currently  actively  use  available  tools  and  services  to  discover,  analyze  and  reuse  research  outputs,  e.g.  at Academia.edu, F1000, Google Scholar, Hyposes.is,Mendeley, ResearchGate, and many others (see the results of the Survey  of  scholarly  communication  tool  usage  in  [2]). It  is  also  important  to  mention a successful  development  of research  outputs  metadata  aggregator-systems,  e.g. OpenAIRE,  DOAR  and  some  others,  based  on  OAI-PMH protocol,  or  using  the  RDF-LOD  concept  and  the  SPARQL  protocol,  like  DBpedia.org,  etc.,  which  all  improve conditions for research outputs circulation and reuse.At the same time the RussianSocioNet team has been continuing its own research to meet the challenges listed above. The  members  of  this  team  havedesigned  some  new  forms  of  the  research  outputs  usage  by  integrating  the semantic linkage technique into CRIS functionality [3], [4]. As a result,a pilot of the open semantically enrichable research information system for researchers [5]has been provided, which allows authors of the papers to enrich their publications’  metadata,  including  an  ability  to  specify  motivation  of  using  the  cited  publications  listed  in  the reference  section  of  their  papers.  If  authors  of  both –the  citing  and  the  cited  papers –have  their  contact  data  (e-mails) at CRIS, the system can initiate some communication between them immediately afterthe author of a citing paper specifytheir motivationin the system: why, or how, or for what purposes he/she has used the cited paper. After more than one year of experimenting with the different modes of scholarly communication,which can take place while one researcher is using in some way at CRIS the papers related with other researchers [6], it is possibleto  come to  the  conclusion  that a  very  interesting  specific  caseof  scholarly  communication  springs  up:  the pre-publication  communicationbetween  the  author  of  a  research  output  and  a  researcher  who has used  this  output  to create his/her own research output. Unlike  the  already  implemented  case –when a  researcher  can  enrich his/herpapers’  metadata  after  the  papers have been published [5] -now a researchercan be givenan ability to manipulate in some ways with research output text fragments at the very moment while (s)he is actually reading this paper at CRIS content. If some fragment of a paper is selected by a researcher, CRIS allows the researcher to make some actions with thisfragment. According to an initial set of actions, a researcher can: a) use the fragment as a base for creating his/her micro research outputs for personal or public reuse; b) classify selected fragment and save it for further personal usage or share it with a group of colleagues or with the whole community; and c) make a private or public comment to the selected fragment (the same way as it can be made already in some systems, e.g. at Hypothes.is, ResearchGate, etc.).As  a  result  of  such  actions  a  researcher  creates  at  CRIS the  public information  objects  of  two  types:  a  research relationshipor a research artifact. The research relationship expresses an opinion or a comment of a researcher about the content  of  the  selected  fragment.  The  research  artifact  is  a  micro  research  output  created  by  a  researcher  for further reuse and it can present a new research idea, assertion, or other types of an intellectual product. If  such  actions  create publicinformation  objects,  thenaresearch  information  systemcan  initiate  direct communication between the authors of publications, from whichthe fragments were taken, and the researchers, who used  these  fragments  to  create  new  research  relationships  or  artifacts.  CRIS  can  send  notifications to  the  authors immediately  when  it  registers  a  fact  of his/her  publication  fragments usage.  The  main  difference  from  the  already implemented  case  is in  the  fact that  now  communication  will  take  place  at  the pre-publicationstage,  i.e.  before  a researcher composed his/her micro outputs as a manuscript and publish it as a traditional paper. Author name / Procedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–0003The  idea  to  manipulate withfragments  of  publications  is  not  new.  In  2012  Neylon  wrote:  “So  in  short,  publish fragments, comprehensively and rapidly. Weave those into a wider web of research communication, and from time to time put in the larger effort required to tell a more comprehensive story.” [7].If researchers have an opportunity of the pre-publication communication they can work in an interactivemode of a research outputs usage. The interactiveusage mode leads researchers to better adjustment of their research supply and demand and opens new opportunities (provides a challenge) for thewider/deeper research cooperation. Thusinteractiveresearch  usage  mode  can  becomea  real  alternative  or  replacement  to  the  “passive”  mode provided  by  the  traditional  scholarly  communication  scheme  based  on the activity  of  academic  publishers  and journals. In  general,  the  basic  idea  behind  this  is  a  public  visualization  of the processes  of  the  researcher’s  scientific analysis and creativity which usually appears to be hidden from the research community as being carried out in the mind of a researcher. The traditional technique of the scientific citations in that case does not work well because it typically  operates  with  the  entire  paperbutnot  with the fragments  containing  the  research  results,  and  also  it  does not allow a researcher to explicitly indicate the motivation for the citations.Neylon discussing technology to manipulate with publication fragments wrote: “This requires tools that are hard to  build,  standards  that  are  hard  to  agree,  and  cultural  change  that  at  times  seems  like  spitting  into  a  hurricane. Progress is being made, in many places and in many ways, but how can we take this forward today?” [7].The   authors   of   the   Publons   research   information   system,whichaims   to   generate innovative scholarly communication,wrote: “It is hard to say exactly whatthese new tools will be. Their development will require a great deal  of  experiment  and  iteration.  Therefore,  instead  of  attempting  to  a  priori  identify  and  build  the  right  tool,  we need  to  develop  a  framework  (and  culture)  in  which  experimentation  with  different  forms  of  collaboration  is encouraged.” [8].By    this    paper a    presentation    of    a    specific    research    information    system,    called    SocioRePEc (https://sociorepec.org/)is  initiated.  This  systemis  being  designed for the experiments with an interactivemode of the research outputs usage based on pre-publication scholarly communication. Since  SocioRePEc  is  based  on  thedata  model  and the basic  technologydeveloped  at  SocioNet  project, itis considered to be a CERIF compatible CRIS.This paperasafirst in the planed serieshas itsmain focus on mappinga new area for CRIS development. A set of  the  reasons  for  developing  new  scholarly  communication  tools  is mostly analyzedand  discussed  in  here.More technical details about SocioRePEc are expected tobe presented in the following papers.In  the  next  section the  traditional  mode  of aresearch  outputs  (publications)usage  provided  by  a  system  of academic  publishers  and  journals isanalyzed. Also the shortcomings  of  this  mostly  “one-way”  usage  mode  and  a “passive” character of the related scholarly communicationare discussed.The third section highlights somenew possible options of the research publication usage, which can be designed in  CRIS. The  paper concludesthat this  type  of  theadvanced  usage  options  can  initiate  pre-publication  scholarly communication. The forth section provides general details about SocioRePEc CRIS including implementation of the new options of  research  outputs  usage  and  pre-publication  scholarly  communication.  These  new  CRIS  features  provides researchers with the interactive mode of the research outputs usage. 2.Global scholarly communication mechanismIn  general,  the  global  scholarly  communication  mechanism  is  illustrated  by  the  Figure  1. In  the  traditional scholarly  publishing  system  researchers  find  andread  different  types  of  research  publications  (outputs).  While reading  they  select  from  the  text  some  useful  pieces  of  information.  We  can  call  these  selections  as  the  “research artifacts”. Researchers mentally manipulate with the artifacts to find out scientific relationships among them. They then  create  their  own  research  artifacts.  To  share  the  created  relationships  and  artifacts  with  the  community, researchers have to use the scholarly publishing system. It means that researchers have to compose and present the newly  created  relationships  and  artifacts  in  a  form  of  a  canonical  research  manuscript,  like  working  paper,  article, book,  etc.  with  citations,  references  and  some  other  mandatory  attributes. They  submit  manuscripts  to  publishers. 4Author name / Procedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–000Afterpublication, researchers typically are monitoring the publications’ use. They may be waiting some occasional comments onit. And this cycle as shown at Figure 1 is repeated by researchers again and again. Scholarly  communicationsupported  by  the  traditional  scheme,as at  Figure  1,has  obvious  weaknesses  and shortcoming.While  manipulating  with  artifacts  researchers  make  with  them  some  mental  experiments  to  combine  them  with their  own  research  assets.  This  is  some  kind  of  “trial  and  fail”  actions.  As  a  result  of  such  “trial  and  fail” experiments  researcherseither  accept  some  artifacts  by  connecting  them  with  their  ownresearch  assets  or  reject them.  In  both  cases,researchers  eventually  get  some  individual  experience  about  the  scientific  value  and/or thepotential  impact of these tested research artifacts. Thisinformation  can  be  very  useful  for  authors  of  the  tested artifacts andfor the community at large. But currently only a small part of thisinformation becomes public.In  the  traditional  scheme  of  the  global  scholarly  communicationmost  authors  hardly  get  any  feedback  on  their papers. They usually don’t know if,let alone when,someone try to use their researchresults and fails.If someone really  usethe  authors’  results  and  citethem  in  their  own  papers,  the authors  had  no  chance  to  assist  them  on  the proper usage of the results,to correct a wrong usage or to get a better effect from using theirresults. From a point of cooperation inside a scientificdivision of labor,this situation looks inefficient.Fig. 1. Traditional scholarly communication scheme through academic publishers and journals infrastructure.Generally,   researchersmanipulate not research   publications   but   theresearch   artifacts   contained   in   the publications. They also manipulate the relationships between artifacts. Why they could not share these artifacts and relationships as theirmicro research outputswith the other researchers? Scientific circulation of such micro research outputs  [9]  along  with  canonical  papers  can  give  the  community  multiple  benefits,  like  better  transparency  in research, a rise of the traditional publications’ quality, and so on.3.Pre-publication scholarly communicationThe main challenge of improving transparency in research is a public visualization of the significantpart of the process  of  the  researcher’s  scientific  analysis  and  creativity. This  part  is  traditionally  hidden  from  the  research community,  because  it  is  carried  out  in  the  mind  of  the  researcher.At  the  Figure  1,it  is  the  area  “analyze, manipulate artifacts and create relationships”.To meet this challenge, the research community needs a CRIS that allows scientists to publicly express what kind of the research  results  (artifacts)  they  select  as  interesting  and  which  ones  they use  in  their  work,  and  later,  how these results have been used in their study. The traditional technique of the scientific citations does not help much with  this,  because  it  operates  with  the entire publication,  but  not  with  fragments. Within  this  traditional  style it  is also not really convenientfor a researcher to explicitly indicate the motivation for the usage/citation, especially to do it in computer-readable form.Our  vision  of the required CRISassumes  that  there  exists  a  specific  crucial  point  of  global  scholarly communication,  where  appropriate  and  fortunate  changes  can  notably  improve  transparency,  reliability  and Author name / Procedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–0005creditability in research. This crucial point for innovations is pre-publication communication between an author of a research  micro  output  (paper)  and  researchers,  who  use the results  from  this  micro  research  output  in  their  own research and cite it in their own research micro output (paper).Pre-publication communication is initiated by the researchers who usesome of the other researchers’outputs for producing their own research outputs. While reading a paper’s abstract at the metadata web page or the full text in PDF file at CRIS content, a user can select text fragments. So the fragment can be selected from either the abstract or the full text. After selecting some text  fragment,  a  user  sees  a  form  on  a  screen.  From  this  form  a  user  can  create  different  types  of  what  we  called research artifacts: 1. A user’s comment to the selected fragment (both the abstract and the full text). Such comments will be visible to   the   next   reader.   A   similar   user   feature   already   exists   in   some   research   information   systems   (e.g.   at ResearchGate.net). There is some infrastructure to aggregate and exchange them (e.g. at Hypothes.is).2.  A  research  assertion  (the  same  as  at  Nanopub.org)  that  a  user  concludes  from  the  selected  fragment  (the  full text only). Technically, the use of this feature implies a creation of a nanopublication, which can be integrated into appropriated infrastructure [10]. 3.  A  quotation  that  a  user  has  decided  to  select  from  the  paper  and  share  with  the  community  as  a  research artifact.  This  feature  is  usually  available  for  the  full  text  only. A  quotation  is  supplemented  by  a  user’s  comment explaining  why  it  has  been  selected  and  shared.  Making  such  quotations  the  user  gets  an  opportunity  to  create scientific relationships between some interesting text fragment and other papers, or paper fragments.4. A micro-preprint where the user’s comment is the primary content and the selected fragment is just a base for it. This feature is usually available for the full text only.All these research usage actions generate private or public information objects (artifacts) that are being stored in CRIS.  These  artifacts  are  automatically  linked  with  the  initial  paper  and  with  the  personal  profile  of  the  artifact’s creator. While reading a paper at CRIS content, a researcher can see all created artifacts linked with this particular paper. 5.  There  is  also  a  fifth  research  usage  option.  It  is  the  creation  of  a  scientific  relationship  between  any  pair  of research artifacts from the RIS content [11]. It allows to cite any piece of a research output. If a researcherdiscovers interdependences  or  relations  between  any  two  pieces  of  research  content,  (s)he  can  express  these  by  making scientific relationships. Kogalovsky and Parinov [12] present an initial taxonomy of scientific relationships.Therefore,  pre-publicationcommunication  is  being  initiated  immediately  after  any  of  these  5  research  usage actions have been made. The author of the used/cited research output receives e-mail notification with the data about what the usage/citation means. (S)he can react to these usage/citation actionsand the cycle repeats. Fig. 2. Pre-publication communication scheme.share	artifacts	and	relationshipsreceive	notifications	about	using	your	outputsprovide	feedback	on	using	your	outputscoordinate	using	and	used	outputsupdate	or	create	new	artifacts	and	relationships6Author name / Procedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–000The full cycleof pre-publication communicationon behalf of an author of some research output, which is usedbysomeone, is illustrated at Figure 2. It works as follows [6]:1.The author of publication or micro output receives signals (email notification) from CRIS when someone (a user) used his/her research results. Thus communication between the author and the usercan be initiated.;2.Receiving this signal, the author can assist the user in the proper use of the research results. Thus there may be an act of cooperation between the author and the user.;3.The author can modify the results to enhance the effect of their use. This is also an act of cooperation.;4.The communication between the author and the user may be published in the scientific information space. In this case the public nature of the exchange may generate competition between different authors to serve theusers.;5.All data are stored in the CRIS and form a public portrait of the researcher. The portrait includes all actions taken and the reactions that allow to evaluate scientific reputation of the researcher. Correspondingly, this significantly increases the responsibility of the researcher for her/his actions in comparison to the situation created by the traditional mechanism of communication.Pre-publication communication in such a way allows researchers to put into scientific circulation and re-usesome fragments, artifacts or smaller pieces of their work,in contrast to a canonical paper. Generating such artifacts and linking them to each other a researcher can already experiment with the idea that any paper  is  an  aggregation  of  objects.  Thus  we  can  implement  the  vision  of  Neylon  [9]:  “If  we  take  this  view  of objects and aggregates that cite each other, and we provide details of what the citations mean (this was used in that, this process created that output, this paper is cited as an input to that one) then we are building the semantic web as a by-product of what we want to do anyway”.4. An interactive mode of the research outputs usage at SocioRePEcBased on the previously tested approaches [6] and newly created technology [5], a research information system SocioRePEcis  being designed.  It has recently  become available free  of  charge for  the  international users  at https://sociorepec.org/.  It  is  an  open  non-commercial  community  project  funded  by  the  grants  and  donations. SocioRePEc  is  a  RePEc-based  public  research  information  system.  It  aims  to  serve  the wideinternational community of researchers in economics. Many of them are maintaining their personal profiles and research outputs in  RePEc. There  are  more  than50000of suchRePEc users  at  themoment.  Compared  to  other  RePEc  based information  systems,the  SocioRePEc’s  main  added  value  is in the  ability  to  make  experiments  with the advanced options  of  research  outputs  usage  and  some  initial  pre-publication  communications.  The  SocioRePEc  team  is attracting RePEc users and research organization for further development of these tools.Pre-publication communication, which currently is being developed at the SocioRePEc system, is implementing the  interactive  mode  of  their  research  outputs  usage for  the  system’s  users.  This  interactive  mode  is  a  cycle  of the following researchers (users) actions:a) users can save and store their research artefacts at the system’s data storage;b)  users  can  share  research  artefacts  with  the  community  and  they  share  their  knowledge  or  hypotheses  about scientific  relationships  between  artefacts  and/or  papers  by  linking  them  using  a  taxonomy  of  the  applicable relationship classes;c) the system allows authors of the linked artefacts/papers to be immediately notified why, where and by whom their outputs were linked and how their research results were used;d)  the  system  allows  authors  of  linked  artefacts/papers  to  publicly  express  their  attitudes  towards  these  actions. They can state what they think about the usage of their results;e)  the  system  initiates  some  coordination  between  a  researcher  who  created  an  artefact  and  another  researcher who is using this artefact. They can interactively adjust and adapt their “supply” and “demand” to get better mutual effect from their cooperation.It is important to mention that the basic “author<–>user” communication provided by SocioRePEc is public. That means the system allows experiments with creating additional competition. Researchers who are initially out of the specific  “author<–>user”  communication  can  trace  the  communication  and  can  compete  with  the  “author”  by offering the “user” better research artefact or more efficient solution for her/his “demand”.Author name / Procedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–0007SocioRePEcallows  researchers  to  make  experiments  with  creating  and  sharing  micro  outputs,  including relationships.One can imagine SocioRePEc users creating relationships between own outputs and papers/artifacts of other  authors,  as  “neighbors”  of  thescientific  labor  divisionsystem.  SocioRePEc  will  help  researchers  to  find  out who their“neighbors” are. It will initiate scholarly communication between the “neighbors” to get better collective intelligence and to have benefits fromdirect research cooperation.As the authors of the Publonsfairly wrote: “... in order to build innovative systems for collaboration we need to modify  this  incentive  structure.  A  corollary  of  this  is  that  any  new  approach  must  augment  the  current  system,  at least initially.” [8].In our case the central idea is to embed the SocioRePEc system with the feature of the interactive usage mode into the traditional communication scheme. The resulting scholarly communication scheme is presented at Figure 3.Fig. 3. Scholarly communication scheme as a combination of SocioRePEc facilities and academic journals/publishers infrastructure.A  combination  of  SocioRePEc  facilities  with  the  existing  academic  journals/publishers  infrastructure  creates some new opportunities for the research community.Let’s imagine a hypothetic  situation:  now  scholarly  communication  is  initiated  by  sharing  not  publications,  but research  artifacts  and  relationships.  Hence,  researchers  don’t  need  any  more  formatting  their  research  outputs  as papers and making it published in order: (a) to distribute their research results globally; (b) to get feedback on it; (c) to have it used by other researchers in producing new research results; (d) to cooperate with researchers who used their results for getting more mutual benefits, etc. As  a  result,  it  could  provide the  research  community  with  more  efficient  mechanism  of  the  global  scholarly communication as compared to the traditional academic publishing system. AcknowledgementsResearch  resultsin  this  paper related  with the  global  scholarly  communication  technologydevelopmentarefunded  bythe  Russian  Foundation  for  Basic  Research,  grant  15-07-01294-a.This  paper  also  presentsthe experimental interactive toolsforassessment of non-material assets and conducting applied micro-economic studiesfunded bythe Russian Science Foundation, grant 14-18-01999.References1. Parinov S. A CRIS driven by research community: benefits and perspectives. In the proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems (CRIS-2010), 2010. http://eurocris.org/Uploads/Web%20pages/cris2010_papers/Papers/cris2010_Parinov.pdf2. Kramer B, Bosman J. Survey of scholarly communication tool usage, 2016.  https://101innovations.wordpress.com/3. Parinov S. Open Repository of Semantic Linkages. In the proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems (CRIS-2012). 2012.8Author name / Procedia Computer Science00 (2016) 000–0004. Parinov  S.  Towards  an  Open  Data  on  how  the  Research  Data  are  Used:  CRIS-CERIF  based  Approach.  In  the  proceedings  of  the 12th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems (CRIS 2014).20145. Parinov  S,Lyapunov  V,Puzyrev  R,Kogalovsly  M.  Semantically  Enrichable  Research  Information  System  SocioNet.  In  the Knowledge Engineering and Semantic Web. Editors: Klinov, P., Mouromtsev, D. (Eds.). Springer International Publishing, 2015; 518, p. 147-1576. Kogalovsky  M,Parinov  S.  Scholarly  communication  in  a  semantically  enrichable  research  information  system  with  embedded  taxonomy of scientific relationships. In the Knowledge Engineering and Semantic Web. Editors: Klinov, P., Mouromtsev, D. (Eds.). Springer International Publishing, 2015;518, p.87-1017.Neylon  C.  What  would  scholarly  communications  look  like  if  we  invented  it  today? Science  in  the  Open  Blog,  2  SEPTEMBER  2010, Available online: http://cameronneylon.net/blog/what-would-scholarly-communications-look-like-if-we-invented-it-today/8.Preston A,Johnston D. The Future of Academic Research. figshare.Available online: https://dx.doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.871466.v12013.9.Neylon  C. The  future  of  research  communication  is  aggregation, Science  in  the  Open  Blog,  Published:  10  APRIL  2010.  Available  online: http://cameronneylon.net/blog/the-future-of-research-communication-is-aggregation/(accessed on 27 March 2016)10.Kuhn T, Chichester C, Krauthammer M, N  ́uria Queralt-Rosinach, Verborgh R, Giannakopoulos G, Axel-Cyrille Ngonga Ngomo, Viglianti R,     Dumontier     M.     Decentralized     Provenance-Aware     Publishing     with     Nanopublications. Peerj,     2016.     Available     online: https://peerj.com/preprints/1760.pdf(accessed on 27 March 2016)11. Parinov, S. Semantic enrichment of research outputs metadata: new CRIS facilities for authors. In Metadata and Semantics Research Communications in Computer and Information Science2014;478,p.206-217, Available online: http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-319-13674-5_20(accessed on 27 March 2016)12. Kogalovsky, M., Parinov, S. The taxonomy of semantic linkages of information objects in research digital library content. Automatic Documentation and Mathematical Linguistics, September 2015;49:5, p.163-171, Available online: http://link.springer.com/article/10.3103/S0005105515050027(accessed on 27 March 2016)